Q: 
What's your proudest achievement? It can be a personal project or something you've worked on professionally. Just a short paragraph is fine, but I'd love to know why you're proud of it.

A: 
There are 3 things I considered my biggest achivements. 

First, when I was a child, I was very shy and unconfident. I like to play basketball but I wasn't good enough to join the school team in junior high school. I went to every school team's practice and game in the gym and watched them play. At the same time, I went to courts in school every weekend alone by myself just to sharpen my skills. As the days passed I became better and better and started to be able to compete with those guys. After graduated from junior high school, I began able to beat some children on the streets. In high school, my first option is to join the school team. I attended the school team workout and finally got selected. After that, I joined the department team in college, air defense command team during mandatory military service, won a Taiwanese southern California universities tournament championship and still playing today. Basketball becomes part of my life. I also make friends with competing with other people. 

Second, is the 14-years relationship (keep counting) with my wife including 1 year of long distance relationship when I came to states to study graduate school. It's not easy but I'm doing lots of effort to put myself in other's shoes and luckily found my soul mate. 

The last thing is the decision of study abroad in the states. Leaving home, learning new language and studying in a very competitive school is a triple challenge for me. During graduate school year I was the president of Taiwanese Student Association. USC is a largest Taiwanese group school so it's not easy to take care of every one in school. I built a platform for people to exchanging information and help each other. Academically, I'm very happy I survived and finally become a professional Engineer. I can now write multiple languages, build things from scratch and still get better and better everyday, but I know there's still long way to go. I want this to be my biggest achievement among all those three in the rest of my career.
